Candidate Profile:  DGM (Franchisee Business Development).
Qualification: MBA-Specialization of Business Management.
Experience: Minimum 10th Years’ Experience In Same Field.
Salary: 20%, Hike on Present Salary with High Annual Incentive.
Benefit: Leave Cl & SL, EPF, Gratuity, Health Insurance, Attractive Incentive, House Rent, Car for Official use.
Job Location: Bhubaneswar.
Job Description
1.       Identifying target markets and exploring possibilities of joining hands with prospective Franchisee seekers / Franchisee partners.
2.       Negotiating financial terms and formalizing franchisee contracts / agreements / bonds.
3.       Working with cross functional teams to set up Franchise Outlets and device road map for key deliverables i, e expansion of franchise business (FOCO and FOFO Module) partners through Pan India Level.
4.       Defining targets, Budgeting and Business Plans to ensure healthy ROI as discussed and agreed with Franchisee Partner.
5.       Conducting exhibitions for brand awareness and franchisee promotions.
6.       Successfully launching a Business Model leveraging the previous loopholes and building a better operational workflow which brought in revenue.
7.       Proficient in identifying investors with credentials.
8.       Engaged in analyzing the market as per brand sustainability and identifying the investors for taking franchise; negotiating with investors with ROI and coming to a suitable deal.
9.       Guiding franchisees for Identifying the prospective areas and undertaking feasibility studies to set-up franchise outlets, negotiating and setting up the same including exclusive counters.
10.   Identifying and developing new streams for long term revenue growth and maintaining relationships with customers to achieve repeat / referral business.
11.   Giving presentations on the Franchisee module, market position, brand and various related matters to investors with ROI.
12.   Developing training programs for the franchisee executives (Support Function staff) and channel partners.
13.   Driving promotional strategies that ensure financial success for the business; maintaining cordial relationship with franchisee and leading team for franchisee development for the delegated region.
Requested you to share your salary details with your expectation and kindly confirm when we can arrange a meeting for you with our management. 
For more details you can follow us on our website www.arundhatijewellers.com